---
ao3_url: https://archiveofourown.org/works/52824094
author: thedeadparrot
characters:
- Sarah De Bie
- Mathieu van der Poel
- Wout van Aert
date: '2024-01-05'
fandom:
- Cycling RPF
notes: "Thanks to curious\\_bibliophile, booming\\_business, and and\\_nobody\\_noticed\
  \ for the enabling and encouragement to get this out there.\n\nI don't think anyone\
  \ but me cares, but this takes place before [Baby Boy (Fulfill My Fantasies)](https://archiveofourown.org/works/52642906),\
  \ because it's very important to figure out how you want to situate your porn temporally\
  \ and within a relationship arc.\n\nThis is my 300th work on AO3. \xAF\\\\_(\u30C4\
  )\\_/\xAF"
rating: Explicit
relationship:
- Wout van Aert/Sarah De Bie/Mathieu van der Poel
series:
- Wout/Sarah/Mathieu 'verse
series_weight: '1'
summary: Sarah and Mathieu stage a competition.
tags:
- Threesome - F/M/M
- Polyamory
- Felching
- Come Eating
- Competition
- Oral Sex
- Rimming
- Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
title: Going in for the Kill (Doing It for the Thrill)
warnings: No Archive Warnings Apply
---

Sarah feels like she’s coming unglued. She grinds her hips down, forcing Wout’s cock deeper inside her, and lets out a moan. She loves Wout’s cock. She misses it almost as much as the rest of him while he’s away. While he’s away, she’ll bury three fingers deep inside her with a vibrator pressed to her clit, imagining that it’s him instead. When they first started this thing with Mathieu, she had wondered if Mathieu’s presence would help take the edge off, but Mathieu’s schedule is just as erratic as Wout’s, and for all that they have the same equipment, he’s not a replacement or a substitute.

Her hair clings to her face and neck, damp with sweat. Her legs burn with the effort of keeping herself upright. Her conditioning is nowhere near the level of theirs. She slumps backwards against the broad expanse of Mathieu’s chest. His is smooth where Wout’s is beginning to prick with stubble. One of his hands cups one of her breasts, and the other hand is between her legs. His mouth is pressed right next to her ear when he murmurs, “I’m going to eat you out after he comes in you. He wouldn’t let me blow him earlier.” There’s a pout in his voice. She turns her head so she can see it on his face.

“Yeah?” she replies, her voice just as low. “Are you going to make it worth my while? Maybe I want to keep it all inside me.” At the thought of it, her body clenches. She loves that feeling of being filled and soaked from the inside out, even when they’re not trying for another baby. She craves it now.

Mathieu’s answering grin is small and sly. “I’m going to make you come so hard you’ll forget your own name.”

He’s gotten close before. He doesn’t know her body half as well as Wout does though, and she feels like maybe he could use a little bit of an incentive. She grins back at him, matching his arrogance with her own. “How about we make a deal?” she asks, though her train of thought gets interrupted as Mathieu’s short, blunt fingernails rake over her nipple. “I’ll let you eat his come out of me if you let me eat his come out of you.” She’s thought about it. Mathieu has such a nice, pert ass, and he gets so worked up whenever anyone plays with it. She’s put her fingers inside him before but never her tongue. She wants to know what kind of noises she can make him make.

A jolt runs through Mathieu’s body. His fingers tighten around her nipple and rub harder at her clit. “Fuck,” he hisses out. “Wout has no idea how lucky he is.”

Sarah reaches up behind her and pulls his head down so that she can bite at his lips. “Oh, he knows.”

The man in question rolls his hips up, jarring another gasp from her lips. Wout asks, “What are you two whispering about?” He keeps up the rhythm of his thrusts as she rides it out, nothing but delicious hardness and friction inside of her. His breath is short. He’s close to coming.

“Nothing you need to worry about, honey,” Sarah tells him. She tries to meet his thrusts with her own despite the pain in her legs. She already came once tonight — when Mathieu fucked her earlier, his cock in her cunt while Wout’s cock was in her mouth. She could chase another one right now.

Wout’s hands rest on her hips. “Not sure about that,” he says, also breathless.

Sarah laughs. He’s not so much a worrier so much as he is a control freak with perfectionist tendencies, but he also trusts her, and she knows he won’t pry. “Come on. Come inside me.”

He closes his eyes as he does so, his mouth hanging open. The feel of it, along with Mathieu’s fingers playing with her clit, sets off an orgasm of her own. A small one, the kind that leaves her hungry for more.

She barely has time to catch her breath before Mathieu lifts her off Wout and presses her down onto the bed. He shoulders his way between her legs and puts his mouth on her cunt, diving in immediately. She laughs again his eagerness. She likes that he can take her by surprise. It’s not that she’s bored with her husband, far from it, but she’s known Wout for most of her life and has spent a good chunk of it either dating or married to him. Mathieu, on the other hand, is a rogue element. Wout would be much more patient and gentle with her. Not that she needs to be treated like she’s delicate.

Sarah shudders and clutches at Mathieu’s head with the first swipe of his tongue inside her. His hair currently isn’t long enough for her to grab onto, so she digs her fingers into his scalp instead. He licks deep, his whole face pressed against her wetness, desperate to taste every drop. He makes pleased noises at the back of his throat with every lap of his tongue.

His mouth is hot and wet, and he’s more willing to use teeth than Wout. She tosses her legs over his shoulders, squeezing her thighs tight around his head. He likes being suffocated a little during sex, she’s noticed. He nearly came in his pants the last time Wout fucked his throat.

Wout presses himself up against her side. His lips trace a path along the curve of her breast. He’s very fond of her tits. The last time she was pregnant, her body heavy with the extra weight, he left purple teeth marks all over them which lasted long into his next absence.

She moans as his teeth find a nipple. Her legs tighten around Mathieu’s head, and Mathieu makes a muffled, needy noise against her. They’re connected. Currents flow between them.

Mathieu’s tongue licks deep inside, lapping up every drop. His touch sends little sparks of electricity through her nerves. The tension in her builds, winding her up like a spring. “I’m close,” she gasps out.

At that, Mathieu turns his attention to her clit. Between Mathieu’s tongue and Wout’s teeth, she comes again, shuddering as the pleasure rolls through her in waves.

She’s waiting for her heart to stop racing and her body to stop shivering with the aftershocks when Mathieu pulls back. He licks his lips. His chin and cheeks glisten with her wetness. He crawls up the bed to kiss her. His mouth tastes like her and Wout both. It’s hot in a way that she didn’t expect, sending another pulse of heat through her body.

“How was that?” he asks against her lips.

Sarah smirks. “I still remember my name.”

Mathieu pulls back. He looks mildly offended, like he’s never been bad at anything in his life. “Do you think you can do better?”

Sarah pets his hair. He doesn’t know what he’s getting into, but he’ll find out. “I know I can,” she says.

“Okay,” Wout says from the other side of her. “I wasn’t worried before. *Now* I’m worried.”



---

Sarah hadn’t shown it to Wout, but she had been nervous about Mathieu at first. Not because she though he’d take Wout away from her and the boys — she knew Wout and how unshakable his loyalty was. It was more that she didn’t know him well. He was Wout’s rival, his competitor, the source of so much of Wout’s frustration and pain. Even though she’d met him a few times, and he’d always been scrupulously polite, the version of Mathieu she knew best was the one riding against Wout, his lips often curled into an angry snarl.

She didn’t know why Wout fell in love with him, but she saw it happen bit-by-bit. Mathieu would watch Wout out of the corners of his eyes, the expression on his face twisted up into longing. Eventually, Wout started to watch him back. When Wout had asked her about the possibility of it, she had given him a tender kiss and assured him that they would be able to make it work, that everything would be okay, even as her stomach tightened with fear. She liked the shape of the life she and Wout had built together. The inclusion of Mathieu threatened to disrupt it.

And then Mathieu had shown up on their doorstep. He looked like a lost little boy with his downcast eyes and uncertain pout, and it was from that moment that Sarah began to believe her own words.

He was awkward and shy around her right up until she’d kissed him. He blinked at her afterwards, startled and stunned. Maybe he had never considered her anything but the evil harridan who had stolen Wout away before he’d ever had a chance, and now he was forced to reevaluate, to see that she was just — her, just an ordinary flesh-and-blood woman.

As Mathieu’s stays grew longer and his absences grew shorter, his touches stopped being so hesitant. His smile brightened. He let her tease him and started teasing her back. But she always got the impression that he still saw her as an extension of Wout, a strange, human-shaped appendage.

She is her own person. She wants Mathieu to see that. She wants to force him to see that. She understands now why Wout enjoys racing against him so much. It’s thrilling to push him. It’s even more thrilling when he cares enough to push back.



---

Wout comes with a deep groan. His eyes are squeezed shut. His head is thrown back. His mouth hangs open. A line of drool runs from his full lower lip down to his chin. Beneath him, Mathieu arches his back and makes a strained, broken noise in the back of his throat. Mathieu is on his knees and elbows, face buried in the pillows. His pale, hairless skin shines with sweat.

Sarah’s hands are already between her legs. Her fingers tease at her folds. She can like a little bit of roughness in her sex, but Wout and Mathieu are as unrelenting to each other in bed as they are on their bikes, willing to tolerate and even welcome discomfort or pain in the pursuit of pleasure. It’s beautiful to watch. Maybe once, she would have felt insecure about Mathieu giving Wout things she can’t or won’t. Now, all she feels is gratitude. She loves her husband. She wants him to have everything he deserves.

Wout pulls out. He turns to Sarah. “All yours,” he says and gives Mathieu’s asscheek a slap. Mathieu’s hips rock forward, and he moans. Sarah discussed this with Wout earlier, and they came up with a plan. Maybe it was a little underhanded of her, but she believes in using every resource in her arsenal.

Mathieu shifts up and turns his head to the side so that he can look at her. His eyes have an aroused, glassy sheen, but his lips curve up into a smirk. “I showed you mine, and now you’ll show me yours?” he asks.

Sarah smiles sweetly at him. “We made a deal, didn’t we?” She bends over, sinking her teeth in the meat of one asscheek — the opposite of the one Wout slapped earlier.

He hisses. She watches as his fingers curl and uncurl in the sheets. His cock is hard and red. It leaks onto the bed below. She looks at Mathieu spread out before her, waiting for her to meet his challenge, and she wants to beat him. She wants to win.

She presses a soft kiss to his tailbone next. The contrast to the earlier bite wrings a surprised jerk from his body. Then she works her way downwards. His asshole is puffy and red, slick with lube and Wout’s come. She makes her first, tentative lick, just to get an initial taste. It’s an odd mix of the artificial, chemical flavor of the lube and the saltiness of Wout’s come.

He’s so sensitive here, so responsive to every touch, even with the rough fucking Wout gave him earlier. Wout likes getting rimmed, but he isn’t nearly as reactive as Mathieu is. Wout has never shivered like this from the simple touch of her tongue.

When she first started having sex, Sarah didn’t like the taste of come. She was far more likely to spit than to swallow. At some point, that changed, and when Wout was away, she would fantasize about it flooding her mouth, dripping over her lips and chin, as she touched herself.

She traces the rim of Mathieu’s asshole with her tongue before pressing it inside, lapping up as much of Wout’s come as she can reach and swallowing it down. The taste of it is still a little strange, but that’s insignificant compared to the noises Mathieu makes, whining and desperate. She can’t get all of it like this, so she uses her fingers to help scoop out the rest of it. He groans at the new intrusion. His hips jerk. He would be rutting against the bed if she let him.

Mathieu was already worked up from having Wout’s cock inside him, and she can tell he’s getting close to the edge now. This seems like as good a time as any to bring out her secret weapon.

Wout’s just to her left, watching with wide eyes as he takes in the sight of the two of them together. Sarah sits back and tilts her head. Wout’s expression shifts into something more knowing, and he shuffles closer. She draws her fingers out, which gets her a frustrated grunt and a, “Don’t stop,” from Mathieu. Wout smirks. He knows what she wants him to do.

Wout slides three fingers into Mathieu all at once. Sarah nibbles at the soft, tender skin behind his balls.

“Fuck,” Mathieu chokes out. There’s no chance he’s mistaken Wout’s longer, thicker fingers for hers. “You cheater.” He lets out a few other choice curses that eventually devolve into nonsense syllables. Wout must have found his prostate.

He should just be glad she didn’t bring her vibrator. That really would have been cheating.

She reaches around Mathieu’s hip to grip his cock and jerks him off in the same approximate rhythm as Wout’s fingers. Mathieu’s hips twitch, out of sync from the both of them, but still chasing every bit of stimulation they give him. He loves getting his ass stuffed full of things, and well, Wout does have very lovely hands.

Mathieu lets out a loud cry and shudders when he comes. He still keeps up the long, unbroken string of nonsense curses as the orgasm chases its way through his body.

He collapses afterwards, a messy sprawl of limbs on their bed. Wout rolls him onto his back so he isn’t on top of the wet spot anymore. Mathieu pants. His chest heaves. He stares at the two of them with a look of annoyance and awe. Sarah will take it.

As he watches, she grabs hold of Wout’s wrist, bringing his fingers to her mouth. They’re wet with lube and come. She licks them clean with a deliberate showiness. If she lingers on Wout’s wedding ring for a moment longer than necessary, well, she’s allowed a bit of sentimentality.

When she lets go of Wout’s hand, she turns to Mathieu. He’s slack jawed and staring at her. Her, and not Wout, for a change. His attention is intoxicating. She could get addicted to it if she’s not careful. But maybe that’s okay. She knows Wout would understand.

She licks her lips. “I win,” she says.

FIN.