---
ao3_url: https://archiveofourown.org/works/59787337
author: thedeadparrot
characters:
- Wout van Aert
- Jonas Vingegaard
- "Tadej Poga\u010Dar"
- "Primo\u017E Rogli\u010D"
date: '2024-10-15'
fandom:
- Cycling RPF
notes: Written for the prompt 'actors.' A prequel to [all hearts in love use their
  own tongues](https://archiveofourown.org/works/51680065), though it doesn't require
  reading that (hopefully?).
rating: General Audiences
relationship:
- Wout van Aert & Jonas Vingegaard
- "Tadej Poga\u010Dar/Jonas Vingegaard"
summary: The Antwerp Queer Men's Shakespeare Society puts on *Macbeth**the Scottish
  Play*.
tags:
- Alternate Universe - Theatre
- Drabble
- Pre-Relationship
title: Struts and Frets His Hour Upon the Stage
warnings: No Archive Warnings Apply
---

### Chapter 1


#### Chapter Summary



#### Chapter Notes



Jonas peeked through the curtains to catch a glimpse of the gathered audience. The seats were only a quarter filled. Jonas's nerves still jangled. His first real performance. A miniscule part, only one line. He still felt like throwing up.

Wout gave him a comforting slap on the shoulder. "Stop worrying," he said. "You'll do great."

Jonas frowned. "Easy for you to say."

"Easy for you to do," Wout countered. It was unfair he could be so even\-keeled while wearing a kilt.

"Lay on, Macduff," Jonas sighed, and then they left to take their places so the play could begin.


### Chapter 2


#### Chapter Summary



> Jonas, partway through his debut.


#### Chapter Notes



> For Flowerbed. I got the prompt 'costume' and of course, I had to continue this. 😅


Jonas plucked at the stiff sleeves of his shirt. He resisted the urge to futz with the laces that went up the front. He missed his t\-shirts and jeans.

He paced around backstage as Wout, as Macbeth, and Remco, as Lady Macbeth, talked about murdering him.

Partway through, their Macduff, a friendly Slovenian named Tadej, joined him. "It's fun, yeah?" he said. He flashed Jonas a bright smile.

"Could do without the costumes," Jonas confessed.

"You look great in them, though," Tadej said.

Jonas blinked at him, surprised, but Tadej was called away by the director before he could respond.


### Chapter 3


#### Chapter Summary



#### Chapter Notes



> Another for Milo, who seems to be enjoying this AU, and the prompt "mustache."


Jonas took a deep breath and followed Primož onto the stage.

"'Tis he," snarled Robert, as one of the murderers.

"Stand to't," said Sepp, as another.

Primož pretended to squint into the distance through the copious fog. "It will be rain tonight," he said to Jonas.

Sepp said, "Let it come down."

A fight scene ensued then. Plastic daggers flashed in the stage lights. "Oh treachery!" Primož yelled, which was his line, then added on, "ah, shit," which wasn't. His fake mustache had fallen off in the fray.

Jonas picked it up and pocketed it. He could return it later.


### Chapter 4


#### Chapter Summary



#### Chapter Notes



> For Milo again! You seem to be enjoying this, so might as well. For the prompt 'golden'.


Wout looked grim and angry when he came off the stage. Macbeth had just finished talking to the witches. He was a man haunted by apparitions and his own guilt.

As the play continued, Macbeth got dirtier, his face painted with brown makeup, to show the moral stain on his soul. Even his crown was tarnished. It wasn't as golden as Duncan's.

Wout rubbed at his face, accidentally smearing the makeup even worse. He looked over at Jonas, who always lurked in the wings to watch, and winced. "Is there's an easy way to fix this?" Wout asked.

Jonas shrugged.


### Chapter 5


#### Chapter Summary



#### Chapter Notes



> Some more theater AU for Milo! The prompt was 'family'.


Macbeth's death was big and dramatic. The director was convinced he could get the audience to enjoy early modern English with copious amounts of violence.

Tadej and Wout sparred across the stage with heavy swings of their swords, screaming out their lines as they did so. Tadej mistimed his final swipe and caught Wout's shoulder full on. Wout winced as he fell. Jonas winced in sympathy.

Afterwards, when they were backstage together, Wout asked, "Did you really need to hit so hard?"

Tadej said, "You killed my family," and then he grinned, an expression completely at odds with his words.


### Chapter 6


#### Chapter Summary



#### Chapter Notes



> Milo has so many drabbles, this one is also for them. 😂 prompt: 'introvert'


Jonas didn't usually enjoy bars. They were loud and crowded, not conducive to having actual conversations or thinking actual thoughts. He still showed up with the rest of the cast and crew to opening night drinks.

He picked a quiet corner to sit in, nursing his beer. Wout was surrounded by well\-wishers who wanted to praise his performance.

Tadej was the only one who breached his introvert bubble. "You were great."

"Thank you," Jonas replied. He knew Tadej was just being nice.

"No, really. You should audition for a bigger role next time."

Jonas attempted a smile. "Sure," he lied.


### Chapter 7


#### Chapter Summary



#### Chapter Notes



> more for Milo. this time the prompt is 'help'


Amateur theater tended to draw extremely passionate people with a lot of strong opinions. Jonas had heard about every piece of advice and passing suggestion there was. Some of the company insisted that everyone needed to have time on the stage, while others insisted that it was better for crew to wholly specialize in their particular roles. Jonas had always agreed more with the latter rather than the former. He enjoyed being backstage, being part of the machinery of the theater operate. He didn't need spotlight the way Wout did.

But Tadej's words got stuck in his mind. What if...


### Chapter 8


#### Chapter Summary



#### Chapter Notes



> again for Milo. prompt: 'sunflower'


Jonas visited Wout the next day. During performance weekend, the time between performances became liminal spaces. Jonas was always at loose ends waiting for the evening's show.

They sat at the kitchen table, next to the remnants of Wout's breakfast \-\- not cleared yet; Jonas was here early \-\- and a vase of sunflowers \-\- a gift from Wout's parents, who had come for opening night.

Jonas fiddled with his glass of water. "It's early, but I'm thinking about auditioning for Hero in *Much Ado*."**


**He expected Wout to give him some tough love, but Wout just smiled. "You should."**


