---
ao3_url: https://archiveofourown.org/works/61286485
author: thedeadparrot
characters:
- Wout van Aert
- Mathieu van der Poel
date: '2024-12-25'
fandom:
- Cycling RPF
notes: 'MERRY CHRISTMAS, curious\_bibliophile! I was so thrilled to get you as a recipient.
  I appreciate you so much. I hope you enjoy this combination of Mathieu being confused,
  jealous, and horny. Plus, theater AU! I know you were clamoring for more of Midsummer,
  the horniest Shakespeare play.


  Big thank you to inky for helping me unfuck some of the beginning. It''s much appreciated.'
rating: Explicit
relationship:
- Wout van Aert/Mathieu van der Poel
series:
- The Antwerp Queer Men's Shakespeare Society
series_weight: '3'
summary: Dylan has to take Mathieu's place during rehearsal. Mathieu has a lot of
  confusing feelings about it.
tags:
- Midsummer's Night Dream - Freeform
- Voyeurism
- Kink Discovery
- Roleplay
- Alternate Universe - Theatre
title: The Forgeries of Jealousy
warnings: No Archive Warnings Apply
---

Even though they were a small, amateur company, the Antwerp Queer
Men’s Shakespeare Society did sometimes need understudies. It was rare
enough for their actual performances, since those only took place during
one weekend, but in the months beforehand, it was easy to miss a single
rehearsal here or there for one reason or another. When that happened,
someone else in the production would step in to keep the train moving,
make sure they could still get through blocking and their lines.

Which is why it didn’t surprise Mathieu when Dylan replaced him in
the role of Titania one Wednesday, because he had to miss the first half
of a rehearsal due car troubles.

Dylan was a new member of the company. He had missed out on the
auditions for *Midsummer*, so even though he was interested in
acting, he was without a dedicated part and focused on building the sets
with the rest of the crew. Still, he somehow managed to weasel himself
into the director’s good graces and now, when someone had a doctor’s
appointment or a nephew’s birthday party, he stepped in as their
semi\-dedicated understudy.

Mathieu wasn’t too proud to admit Dylan was halfway decent. He could
deliver lines with actual feeling, remembered the blocking of half a
dozen different parts, and could crack more than two facial expressions
on cue. For his job, he was more than sufficient. Mathieu didn’t resent
the times when he was required to act opposite Dylan as a replacement
Peaseblossom or Mustardseed or even, more rarely, Puck, which he could
say was a compliment compared to some of the useless wastes of space he
had dealt with in the past.

But Mathieu had no reason to consider Dylan any different from the
light fixtures right up until, well.

On that Wednesday, Mathieu stumbled into the youth center an hour
late, already grumpy. He hated dealing with mechanics, and he didn’t
like missing rehearsal. Wout had very calmly told him not to rush;
they’d work around him.

So when he came in, Mathieu did not get upset when he saw that Dylan
had taken his place in the scene. He had expected that part. On the
other hand, he did feel like he was having an aneurysm.

The company had started blocking out the scene with Bottom relaxing
in Titania’s bower, where it was implied the two of them had just had
sex. A table had been placed in the middle of the staging area to
represent Titania’s bed. Wout, as Bottom, was on top of it in his work
polo and slacks, grinning as he commanded the various fairies to do his
bidding. Mathieu enjoyed that much of it, because he liked seeing Wout’s
smile. What he *didn’t* enjoy was Dylan with one of his long legs
thrown over Wout’s hip, curled up against Wout’s side as he caressed
Wout’s face and gazed at him adoringly.

Mathieu was used to being an actor and dating actors, and he
understood he had no reason to be worried. He didn’t think Wout was
planning to run off with Dylan anytime soon. They put themselves in
plenty of odd positions for their craft or whatever. Mathieu had already
spent a good portion of *Hamlet* with a bucket on his head during
Hamlet’s whole spate of madness in the middle of the play.

Of course, understanding that on an intellectual level was much
different than being smacked in the face by the sight of Dylan’s fingers
tracing the column of Wout’s neck, their feet mingled together.

Mathieu thought he understood jealousy. It was an almost inevitable
part of taking part in something as cutthroat as theater. He’d felt
deep, burning rage when he lost out on parts and heartfelt annoyance
when someone else got more applause or attention. He’d even felt the
“green\-eyed monster” on occasion during the drama and hookups that
happened backstage, especially if one of the participants in the drama
was particularly hot.

But all that had been before Mathieu got his first real boyfriend,
someone Mathieu had been sleeping with for more than two months at a
time and who he had something resembling soft, gooey feelings about.

It would be easy enough to write it all off because Dylan was
literally taking Mathieu’s place. Mathieu was the one who had won the
role of Titania. Mathieu was the sole person who should have the reward
of fondling Wout on\-stage as a result. His instinct was to storm in like
a dramatic bitch and tear Dylan’s hands off of Wout, but he also felt
rooted in place, unable to move.

He didn’t often get this vantage point on Wout. Mathieu got to see
him loose and naked at home or buttoned up and respectable in public.
Seeing Wout laid out and touched by someone else was scrambling all of
Mathieu’s wires. He didn’t understand his own reaction — he would much
rather be doing things than watching other people do things — and yet,
here and now, he could almost see the appeal.

Wout’s eyes flicked in Mathieu’s direction, and his smile got bigger.
Mathieu tried to smile back, but it felt a bit stiff. He was plagued by
the mental image of Wout on his actual bed, clothes off, being felt up
by a mysterious stranger (Dylan would do, for lack of any better
options) while Mathieu watched. The thought left Mathieu with a squirmy
feeling in the pit of his stomach.

He didn’t have any time to consider what any of it meant, because the
director caught sight of him only a few seconds after Wout did. “Ah,
Mathieu,” he said. “Glad you could finally make it.” He made a broad
gesture with his hands to the actors on stage. It was only through years
of experience that Mathieu knew he was telling everyone to disperse; he
was giving all of them a break.

The attendant faeries drifted off. Dylan said something into Wout’s
ear before disentangling himself from Wout. Wout rolled his eyes and
laughed. Then he hopped off the table and headed over to Mathieu, who
was still lingering by the door.

“Hey,” he said. He leaned in for a quick kiss. Mathieu was still
rooted in place, uncertain about how to react. Wout brushed his lips
over Mathieu’s. Mathieu attempted to return the kiss, but his brain was
still full of static. The sight of Dylan’s fingers tracing the line of
Wout’s neck played on repeat in his mind’s eye.

“Hey,” he mumbled back.

Wout frowned. Mathieu clearly wasn’t hiding this particularly well.
Wout asked, “Are you okay?” His hand remained on Mathieu’s shoulder.

“I’m fine,” Mathieu said too quickly. His palms were sweating, and he
couldn’t even articulate why.

“Yeah, okay.” Wout did not look the slightest bit convinced. “We can
talk about it after rehearsal.”

Mathieu just nodded. He wondered if he would get one of Wout’s
mild\-disapproval frowns or one of Wout’s
you\-are\-being\-the\-biggest\-dumbass\-in\-the\-world frowns when Mathieu told
him. Wout could be nice, but he could also be a judgmental asshole when
he really set his mind to it. And Mathieu flipping out about stupid
rehearsal shit seemed ripe for judgment.



---

After the break, the director moved onto the rest of the scene, where
Puck and Oberon began to undo the tangled web their love potion had
created. Mathieu spent the entire time trying not to get distracted by
the smell of Wout’s neck and his own weird reaction to the
whole…thing.

Titania and Bottom were meant to be asleep during most of the
dialogue, so Wout and Mathieu were back on the table. It wasn’t
comfortable in the slightest. Mathieu did his best to mimic Dylan’s
position. Wout’s body was warm and familiar, and he curled an arm around
Mathieu’s back.

The director focused on figuring out the blocking of Jonas and Tadej
as their Oberon and Puck, respectively. It meant Mathieu had a lot of
time to lay there and stew in his own thoughts. Even in Wout’s arms, he
wondered how the two of them looked from the audience. He put his hand
on Wout’s neck, the way Dylan had. He could feel the heat of his skin
and could hear the steady in\-and\-out of his breath. If Mathieu hadn’t
missed lunch, he would think the weird feeling in his stomach was
something he ate, as his brain continued to stutter over that image of
Dylan’s leg thrown over Wout’s hip.

Wout might be a little bit annoyed with Mathieu later for freaking
out about the whole thing, but it would be fine. They’d work it out.
Wout had forgiven Mathieu for the time Mathieu accidentally stained his
favorite t\-shirt blue, after all.

He was so focused on Wout, he missed his cue to wake up. Mathieu
didn’t even notice until the whole room fell into a long, awkward
silence. He blinked his eyes open to see a dozen expectant expressions
staring at him. He internally cursed Wout. This was all his fault for
looking like *that* when Mathieu came in. And with Dylan, of all
people.

Jonas was the first one to speak. He cleared his throat and repeated,
“Now, my Titania; wake you, my sweet queen.”

They hadn’t gone off book yet, so Mathieu scrambled to grab his
script as he sat up. “My Oberon!” he recited. “What visions I have seen!
Me thought I was enamoured of an ass.” He resisted the urge to look down
at Wout’s still\-prone form as he continued his pretend\-sleep.

Jonas raised his eyebrows, haughty and a bit smug. Yes, that was in
character for Oberon, but Mathieu thought he saw an extra tinge of
judgment to it. All this acting was going to his head. Jonas pointed to
Wout and said, “There lies your love.”

Mathieu turned to look at Wout now that he had permission. He’d
watched Wout sleep before. He knew the slight part of his lips and the
dark sweep of his lashes. Even though they’d just spent minutes cuddling
together, Mathieu wanted to touch him again. He winced and tore his gaze
away. It didn’t matter how pretty Wout was, he was ruining Mathieu’s
rehearsal. He looked down at his script. “How come these things to pass?
0, how mine eyes do loathe his visage now.”

The director broke in before Jonas could say his next line. “Wait,
run that back from Puck’s entrance. Mathieu, Titania is not supposed to
be under the spell anymore.”

Tadej obediently returned to stage\-right, but not before he shot
Mathieu a knowing smirk. Even Wout, still pretending to be asleep, had
an incriminating twitch at the corner of his mouth. Mathieu hated all of
them.

Unfortunately, he had no time for revenge. Mathieu sighed and laid
back down. He closed his eyes and tried to focus again on the scene.



---

After the end of rehearsal, Mathieu ended up back at Wout’s
apartment, which was their usual modus operandi. Mathieu always had a
bit of a buzz after several hours of acting, even if it was “just”
rehearsal, but today there was an extra edge to it.

“So,” Wout said as he shut the front door behind Mathieu, “do you
want to explain why you’re being so weird?”

Mathieu said, on instinct, “I’m not being weird.”

“Right,” Wout said, “which is why you came into rehearsal looking
like someone killed your dog.”

“I don’t have a dog,” Mathieu said. He was mostly being contrary, but
he had been considering getting one. He had them around growing up, and
he missed them. Then he thought about adopting a dog with Wout and what
that might mean for the seriousness of their relationship and felt like
digging himself a hole he could hide himself in for the rest of
time.

Wout let out a heavy sigh. “You do know that it’s not like that with
Dylan, right?” He squinted at Mathieu, like he could maybe read
Mathieu’s mind. If he could, that would certainly be something, and
Mathieu would probably be fucked, and not in the good way.

“It’s not about Dylan,” Mathieu protested, before realizing that was
an admission “it” was a real thing. No matter that they were kissing and
dating these days or whatever, Mathieu still hated giving up any ground
to Wout.

Wout gave him a look indicating that the slip up was not missed.
“Okay,” he said. “Then what is it about them?”

Mathieu sulked over to the kitchen area to get himself a glass of
water. He hated this part of relationships, all the *talking* and
all the *feelings*. It fucking sucked. A therapist would tell him
something here about maturing and growing as a person, which Mathieu was
convinced was a lie invented to sell self\-help books to Americans. He
said, “I didn’t like it.”

Wout nodded, accepting it. He didn’t add anything else.

“But I also–” A blush crept up Mathieu’s throat. He hated it. His
skin was probably blotching up horribly. “–I was — I thought it was
hot.” That last part came out in a mumbled rush.

Wout didn’t react to that except a slight furrow of his brow “Is that
something you’re into, then?”

“No,” Mathieu said, too quickly, then added on, “I don’t know,
maybe.” It had never felt like something he *should* be into.
Then again, he never thought dating was something he would be into
either, and he was still here.

“Okay,” Wout said. He knew better than to crowd Mathieu during one of
these conversations. He hung back by the kitchen table. His hands rested
on one of the kitchen chairs, worrying at the back. “I just want to say
if this means you’re interested in asking someone else to– I don’t
think–”

Mathieu cut in. “No,” he said, and this one was far more certain. He
could deal with Dylan pawing Wout when it was for rehearsal purposes,
but the thought of it happening as part of their sex life made his
stomach turn, and not in a fun, roller coaster sort of way.

Wout nodded. “Good, okay, because that was something– I don’t think I
could go along with it.” He let out a heavy sigh. Mathieu couldn’t tell
if it was in annoyance or relief. Maybe it was both. Wout could be weird
like that. Wout continued, “But you liked watching it, right? That– that
I can do.”

Mathieu would joke about Wout’s latent exhibitionist streak, but he
was also a theater actor. The hypocrisy was too much, even for him. He
took a deep breath and sipped at his glass of water. “Yeah, I liked it.”
It was easier to admit it once it was all out in the open. He’d liked
seeing Wout on the table, splayed out and offered up for Mathieu’s
hungry gaze.

Wout raised his eyebrows. A slow, knowing smile spread across his
face. “So, do you want to do something about it?”



---

Mathieu kissed Wout as soon as they were in the bedroom. He always
liked kissing Wout, and his skin felt like it had been put on too tight
right now. He needed a good method for getting some of that nervy energy
out.

Wout pushed Mathieu towards the corner, where there was a single
chair covered in discarded clothes. One thing that had surprised Mathieu
when they first started dating was Wout’s casual messiness. He projected
an air of being mature and put\-together in public, but in private, half
the time he had no idea where anything in his house was.

Mathieu shoved the spare clothes onto the ground and plopped himself
into the chair. Wout sat down on the bed facing him. It felt a little
silly. Without the context of the youth center and their rehearsal time,
Mathieu had no idea why he wasn’t on the bed as well. If he was, he
could push Wout down onto his unkempt sheets, peel off Wout’s pants, put
his mouth on Wout’s dick.

Wout didn’t seem to be in a rush. He closed his eyes and took a deep
breath. It was his usual ritual for getting into character. Mathieu had
watched him go through it many times before. The familiar sight of it
helped Mathieu relax. Yes, this too was a performance. They were just
acting. Mathieu knew how to do that.

When Wout opened his eyes, he said, “Well met by moonlight, proud
Titania.”

“Oh, are you Oberon tonight?” Mathieu asked. Wout had switched out
“well” for “ill” in the original line. “I haven’t foresworn your bed and
company.” When Oberon and Titania spoke these lines in the play, they
were at odds, in competition, which led to Titania being magically
charmed into falling in love with Bottom and taking him to bed.

Wout just smiled, slow and sly, and recited, “Let me play the lion,
too.” He undid the buttons of his shirt. He wasn’t making it a
striptease; his movements weren’t any different from normal. And yet,
this setup was so different from usual, Mathieu couldn’t stop staring at
the movement of Wout’s hands. In the scene Wout was quoting, Bottom was
being a parody of the overeager, overbearing actor, demanding to play
all the parts. Wout wasn’t speaking with that same jolly tone he used
for Bottom. He was saying it with all the solemnity of a soliloquy. “I
will roar, that I will do any man’s heart good to hear me,” He slid off
his shirt, leaving him bare\-chested. Wout’s upper body wasn’t anything
to write home about, especially compared to some of the gym rats Mathieu
had fucked before. Wout was pale and narrow and soft around the edges.
Mathieu still wanted to put his mouth on Wout’s pecs with an intensity
that made him feel sick.

Mathieu snorted. He tried to remember the responding line. “You can
play no part but Pyramus,” he said. He couldn’t remember how the rest of
it went. “You’re the one best suited to it or whatever,” he added in
Dutch. Titania wasn’t in that scene anyway. He didn’t have to have any
of it memorized.

Wout let out a soft laugh. His whole face crinkled up. His hands went
to the zipper of his fly. “What does my queen wish of me?” He asked. He
looked at Mathieu from beneath his lashes. They were going off script
now. Neither Oberon nor Bottom were so deferential to Titania.

Mathieu had expected this to be weird. Maybe also sexy and intense,
but also just, kinda weird. In reality, it was also an extension of the
push and pull between them, whether on stage or off. It was *fun*
in a way he hadn’t realized it could be. “Take them off.” he declared
with Titania’s imperious tone.

Wout obliged. He was just as perfunctory about it as he was with his
shirt. Mathieu’s palms still started to sweat. He rubbed them on the
fabric of his pants.

“Lie down,” he instructed.

Wout said, “As my queen commands,” and did so. Wout had long legs,
and they looked longer stretched out on the bed. He still wore his
boxers. They were beginning to tent at the front. Wout wasn’t as
unaffected as he was pretending to be. The pose was similar enough to
his positioning on the table earlier, minus Dylan and a layer of
clothing. This time, Mathieu had a chance to look his fill.

Wout’s hands rested on the bed, palms down, long fingers slightly
curled. His knees looked knobbly from this angle. His eyes weren’t
closed, but they were downcast, maybe a little submissive. He wasn’t
Oberon or Bottom, right now, Mathieu decided. He was a faerie in
Titania’s court. As impish and tricky as any of them.

“Show me,” Mathieu commanded next. Titania didn’t feel embarrassed or
ashamed of her desires. She asked for what she wanted, and her
attendants gave it to her. “I want to see it.”

Wout’s gaze slid over to Mathieu from the corner of his eyes. He
yanked down the waistband of his boxers just enough to free his
cock.

“Pretty.” Mathieu told him, and he didn’t think he was imagining the
pink flush dusting Wout’s cheeks. “Touch yourself.” He wanted, no,
*needed* to see it. And Wout, his willing subject here, would
obey.

Wout was a performer through and through. He had his hips tilted up,
so they were angled towards Mathieu. He’d licked his lips until they
were shiny and red. His arms were positioned such that they didn’t block
Mathieu’s view. It was one of the first things drilled into their heads
as young theater actors: always know where your audience is. Wout
gripped his cock. He let his head fall back. He was one long, beautiful
line from head to toe.

Wout let out tiny, gasping breaths as he stroked himself. He wasn’t
the loudest person in bed that Mathieu had ever slept with, but he liked
to make these small noises: groans and whimpers and grunts. He was so
gorgeous Mathieu had a headache from how turned on he was. He almost
never got to see the curl of Wout’s toes and the bob of his throat at
the same time. And Wout being so pliant and so accommodating was just
the cherry on top.

Saliva collected in Mathieu’s mouth. He swallowed and said, “I want
to see you finger yourself.” The ache in his cock was becoming
unbearable. He undid his fly, so he could reach into his own underwear
and palm himself, just to give himself a little bit of relief.

Wout kicked off his boxers, leaving himself entirely bare, before
turning his head fully in Mathieu’s direction, meeting Mathieu’s stare
full\-on. Then he slid one finger, two, into his mouth. The sight of his
full lips wrapped around his long fingers was obscene enough to get him
banned from several European countries. Mathieu squeezed his cock, gave
it a few rough strokes. This was better than any porn had ever seen. He
almost wanted to ask if he could film it for posterity later, but a
video couldn’t capture the heavy scent of sex, the electricity in the
air. Television and movies could never fully kill live theater.

Without breaking eye contact, Wout pulled his fingers from his mouth
and reached between his legs. Mathieu didn’t have a good view of the
fingers going in, but he could tell when it happened by the sigh Wout
let out. Wout’s eyes fluttered closed, and Mathieu couldn’t stop
himself, he shoved his pants and boxers down so that he could jerk
himself off properly.

Wout fingered himself lazily, like he wasn’t feeling any of the
desperation that was singing through Mathieu’s blood. The quickening of
his breath still gave him away. Mathieu realized this might be how Wout
was when he was by himself, and the head rush made his vision go funny
at the edges.

“What do you think about when you do this?” he asked. Wout’s
movements were confident and practiced, and here, in Wout’s bedroom,
with Wout on his bed, Mathieu could all too easily imagine Wout like
this alone. He wanted– he wanted to be able to imagine it more
completely.

Wout blinked his eyes open. His breath was heavy, rising and falling
in his chest. He wasn’t playing a part any longer. Neither was Mathieu.
They were both too far gone for pretenses now. “You,” he said, his voice
thick and raspy.

The thought of Wout touching himself to the thought of *him*
was too much. Wout was watching him was watching Wout. It was a circuit,
a loop completing. Mathieu came into his fist. Semen dripped over his
fingers. He barely noticed, because Wout threw his head back, gripped
his cock, and let out a deep moan.

After Mathieu felt like he could see straight again, he climbed onto
the bed. Wout’s movements had taken on a frantic, desperate edge. Wout
was nearing the edge himself.

He smirked up at Mathieu as Mathieu straddled his legs, though any
sharpness to the expression ended up softened under the arousal. “Didn’t
you just want to watch?” he asked.

Mathieu snorted. “I am a spirit of no common rate,” he said, sliding
back into character. “The summer still doth tend upon my state.” He ran
his hands up the length of Wout’s arms.

Wout let out a soft laugh. “Okay, and what is the queen of the
faeries going to do about it?” Despite his bravado, he still arched into
Mathieu’s touch.

“Tie up my love’s tongue,” Mathieu replied. He kissed Wout then and
reached between them. His hand joined Wout’s on Wout’s cock. “Bring him
silently.”

Mathieu wasn’t in any rush, but Wout was. Wout bucked into Mathieu’s
hand and whined against Mathieu’s lips. As beautiful as it had been to
watch, the heat of Wout’s skin and the taste of his mouth had their own
pleasures.

Wout’s orgasm stole over him after Mathieu sunk his teeth into his
bottom lip. He shook underneath Mathieu, his eyes squeezed shut, his
mouth open in a wordless moan. Mathieu drank the sights and the sounds
of it in, like any other incredible performance he wanted to commit to
memory.



---

Later, after they’d cleaned up and gotten ready for bed, Mathieu
said, “Okay, I liked that more than I thought I would.” Maybe it was the
afterglow talking, but it felt easier to admit that now. He considered
sending Dylan a fruit basket, but that would just get the rumor mill
going, and Dylan had definitely noticed something was up today.

Wout smiled, not unkindly, and kissed Mathieu’s cheek. He liked to do
that, give these little gestures of affection. Mathieu wasn’t used to
it, and it left a funny feeling in his chest every time. Wout said, “I
could tell. I know you weren’t expecting it.” He switched back into
English to recite more lines from the play, “And yet, to say the truth,
reason and love keep little company together nowadays.”

Mathieu rolled his eyes at the quote, but he still said Titania’s
response, “Thou art as wise as thou art beautiful.” He made sure to say
it as sarcastically as possible, and then shut Wout up again with a
kiss.